Improve the CLI output when nothing changed (#14351)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Improve the CLI output when no new classes were found ([#14351](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14351))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure there is always CLI feedback on save even when no new classes were found ([#14351](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14351))
```
